README.md, before:

# setcolors.vim

## Installation

Automatically installed during
[Asciiville](https://github.com/doctorfree/Asciiville)
initialization.

Install via [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen):

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone https://github.com/doctorfree/setcolors.vim.git setcolors

Install via [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug):

    Plug 'doctorfree/setcolors.vim'

## Configuration

Default list of colorschemes through which to cycle:

    ['asciiville', 'everforest', 'cool', 'desertink', 'distinguished', 'hybrid', 'luna', 'molokai', 'solarized', 'zenburn']

Override list of colorschemes through which to cycle, for example:

    let g:mycolorschemes = ['asciiville', 'everforest', 'cool', 'desertink']

## Usage

This fork of the `setcolors.vim` plugin sets the Airline theme to the same
colorscheme as the selected Neovim colorscheme.

Cycle through colorschemes and corresponding airline themes using the default
key mappings:

    <F7> Previous colorscheme and airline theme
    <F8> Next colorscheme and airline theme
    <F9> Random colorscheme and airline theme

Set the list of color schemes used by the above (default is 'all'):

```vim
:SetColors all                     " all $VIMRUNTIME/colors/*.vim
:SetColors my                      " names built into script
:SetColors asciiville everforest   " these schemes
:SetColors                         " display current scheme names
```

Set the current color scheme based on time of day:

```vim
:SetColors now
```

Commit message:

Add note about airline theme compatibility

README.md, after:

# setcolors.vim

## Installation

Automatically installed during
[Asciiville](https://github.com/doctorfree/Asciiville)
initialization.

Install via [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen):

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone https://github.com/doctorfree/setcolors.vim.git setcolors

Install via [vim-plug](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug):

    Plug 'doctorfree/setcolors.vim'

## Configuration

Default list of colorschemes through which to cycle:

    ['asciiville', 'everforest', 'cool', 'desertink', 'distinguished', 'hybrid', 'luna', 'molokai', 'solarized', 'zenburn']

Override list of colorschemes through which to cycle, for example:

    let g:mycolorschemes = ['asciiville', 'everforest', 'cool', 'desertink']

## Usage

This fork of the `setcolors.vim` plugin sets the Airline theme to the same
colorscheme as the selected Neovim colorscheme.

Cycle through colorschemes and corresponding airline themes using the default
key mappings:

    <F7> Previous colorscheme and airline theme
    <F8> Next colorscheme and airline theme
    <F9> Random colorscheme and airline theme

For example, when `<F8>` is pressed the next colorscheme in the list is used. 
Note that both the Neovim colorscheme and the Airline theme are set. These
two color schemes need to be coordinated to provide proper contrast and
readability. The default colorschemes above take care of this. If you change
the `mycolorschemes` global variable make sure to use color schemes with
compatible [Airline themes](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline-themes).

Set the list of color schemes used by the above (default is 'all'):

```vim
:SetColors all                     " all $VIMRUNTIME/colors/*.vim
:SetColors my                      " names built into script
:SetColors asciiville everforest   " these schemes
:SetColors                         " display current scheme names
```

Set the current color scheme based on time of day:

```vim
:SetColors now
```
